.TH "Line" 3 "2 Mar 2012" "Version 0.5" "Targeting" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Line \- 
.PP
A class representing a line or line segment.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Line.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLine\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs an empty \fBLine\fP object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLine\fP (CvPoint pt1, CvPoint pt2)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a \fBLine\fP object from two points. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "CvPoint2D32f \fBgetIntersectionWith\fP (\fBLine\fP otherLine)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the intersection point of the current line with a given other line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawInfiniteLine\fP (IplImage *img, CvScalar color)"
.br
.RI "\fIDraws the infinite line representing this \fBLine\fP object on an image. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBdotProductWith\fP (\fBLine\fP otherLine)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the dot product of the current line and a given other \fBLine\fP object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBSlope\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe slope of the line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBIntercept\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe line's Y-intercept. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBLength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe length of the line segment between the two given points. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "CvPoint \fBpoint1\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe first point used to create the line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "CvPoint \fBpoint2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe second point used to create the line. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisVertical\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the line is vertical; false otherwise. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class representing a line or line segment. 

\fBLine.h\fP
.PP
Created on: Feb 29, 2012 Author: Nick Royer
.PP
A class representing a line or line segment, with functions to perform operations such as intersection, length calculation, and vector math. 
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Nick Royer 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Line::Line ()"
.PP
Constructs an empty \fBLine\fP object. 
.SS "Line::Line (CvPoint pt1, CvPoint pt2)"
.PP
Creates a \fBLine\fP object from two points. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpt1\fP The first CvPoint to create the line from. 
.br
\fIpt2\fP The second CvPoint to create the line from. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "float Line::dotProductWith (\fBLine\fP otherLine)"
.PP
Returns the dot product of the current line and a given other \fBLine\fP object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIotherLine\fP The other line to compute the dot product with. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The dot product of the current line and the given other line. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Line::drawInfiniteLine (IplImage * img, CvScalar color)"
.PP
Draws the infinite line representing this \fBLine\fP object on an image. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIimg\fP A pointer to the IplImage the line should be drawn on. 
.br
\fIcolor\fP The color to draw the line in. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "CvPoint2D32f Line::getIntersectionWith (\fBLine\fP otherLine)"
.PP
Returns the intersection point of the current line with a given other line. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIotherLine\fP The line o intersect the current line with. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A CvPoint2D32f floating-value point representing th intersection derived. If no intersection is found, this returns (0, 0). 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "float \fBLine::Intercept\fP"
.PP
The line's Y-intercept. 
.SS "bool \fBLine::isVertical\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
True if the line is vertical; false otherwise. 
.SS "float \fBLine::Length\fP"
.PP
The length of the line segment between the two given points. \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBpointDistance\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "CvPoint \fBLine::point1\fP"
.PP
The first point used to create the line. 
.SS "CvPoint \fBLine::point2\fP"
.PP
The second point used to create the line. 
.SS "float \fBLine::Slope\fP"
.PP
The slope of the line. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Targeting from the source code.
